# Standards Committee Agenda (Aug 7, 2018)

### Assignments follow-up

* Tyler Whited: Create a Javascript styleguide (in the Style folder) and reference some of it from the Typescript styleguide
* Tyler Whited: Put together an example project for Typescript (in the ProjectStructure folder)
* Tyler Whited: Put together a Jira standards and Jira card template file (not sure where?)
* Clay Ellis: Put together a Swift styleguide (in the Style folder)
* Adam Hathaway: Put together a skeleton for the SupportedTechnologies document (in the root folder)
* Michael Evanson: Put together a .Net Core document, or maybe example project (in the ProjectStructure folder)
* Adam Hathaway: Qualtrics and specific Qualtrics project types
* Mike Jorgenson: Put together a Xamarin styleguide (in the Style folder) and maybe an example project (in the ProjectStructure folder)
* Ben Skeen: Put together a Security document
* Matt Dale: README for every project (by Aug 10)
* Dan Leonard: READMEs more complete (by Oct 10)


### Standards for PRs

Discuss practice & process standards


### What should be standardized, and what should not be? Where should they be standardized?

* Inclusion of README files
* Instructions for README updates and how to bill that
* Build, Deployment, and Continuous Integration
* Code Review process
* Code Quality
* Style Guide
* Jira practices
  * __Ready for Discussion__
* Git PR process
* Slack channel practices
* Reference Architectures (seed projects)


### Set up specific Subcommittees

Specific architectures
Security
Deployment
Code Standards
Style Standards
Mobile
