# Standards Committee Agenda (Aug 21, 2018)

### Assignments follow-up

* Tyler Whited: Create a Javascript styleguide (in the Style folder) and reference some of it from the Typescript styleguide
* Tyler Whited: Put together an example project for Typescript (in the ProjectStructure folder)
* Tyler Whited: Put together a Jira standards and Jira card template file (not sure where?)
* Adam Hathaway: Set up a skele QA process doc
* Adam Hathaway: Put together a skeleton for the SupportedTechnologies document (in the root folder)
* Adam Hathaway: Qualtrics and specific Qualtrics project types
* Adam Hathaway: Discuss FRD with Learning & Growth cmte and management
* Adam Hathaway: Formalize README standard with management to improve standard enforcement
* Michael Evanson: Put together a .Net Core document, or maybe example project (in the ProjectStructure folder)
* Michael Evanson: Static analysis tools for doing AngularJS -> Angular upgrade
* Ben Skeen: Put together a Security document
* Ben Skeen: Add security-related items to the QA process document
* Brandon Warner: Set up skele doc for PR when/how to reject non-compliant PRs (level of rejection, EG: Change Required, Suggested, nitpick)
* Matt Dale: README for every project (by Aug 10)
* Dan Leonard: READMEs more complete (by Oct 10)
* Dan Leonard: Add a readme template to github repo
* Dan Leonard: Put together a Swift styleguide (in the Style folder)
* Rob Ivey: Investigate bitbucket specific task management specifically for standards community assignments


### What should be standardized, and what should not be? Where should they be standardized?

* Inclusion of README files
* Instructions for README updates and how to bill that
* Build, Deployment, and Continuous Integration
* Code Review process
* Code Quality
* Style Guide
* Jira practices
  * __Ready for Discussion__
* Git PR process
* Slack channel practices
* Reference Architectures (seed projects)
* FRD


### Set up specific Subcommittees

Specific architectures
Security
Deployment
Code Standards
Style Standards
Mobile

### Discuss: Wordpress Knowledge Base
Who is in charge of this?
What is its current status?

# Notes from this meeting

Too many tasks and not enough allocated hours to do them. Solutions: Only focus on READMEs for this 2-week period. See if we can get more hours from management, opt-outs, other teams, etc.

# Tasks

Adam: Get Andrew, Brandon & Rob up to speed on this
Adam: Find out who owns the WordPress Knowledge Base and find out what it's capable of. Review in next meeting.
